com/example/foodtracker/databinding/ActivityCameraBinding.java
 com.example.foodtracker.databinding.ActivityCameraBinding
com/example/foodtracker/ui/camera/CameraActivity.java
 com.example.foodtracker.ui.camera.CameraActivity
 com.example.foodtracker.ui.camera.CameraActivity$1
 com.example.foodtracker.ui.camera.CameraActivity$Analyzer
 com.example.foodtracker.ui.camera.CameraActivity$Analyzer$1
 com.example.foodtracker.ui.camera.CameraActivity$Analyzer$2
 com.example.foodtracker.ui.camera.CameraActivity$Recognizable
 com.example.foodtracker.ui.camera.CameraActivity$RecognizedObjectOverlay
com/example/foodtracker/FoodAdapter.java
 com.example.foodtracker.FoodAdapter
 com.example.foodtracker.FoodAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.example.foodtracker.FoodAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/example/foodtracker/barcode/BarcodeParser.java
 com.example.foodtracker.barcode.BarcodeParser
com/example/foodtracker/barcode/ItemNotFoundException.java
 com.example.foodtracker.barcode.ItemNotFoundException
com/example/foodtracker/ui/dashboard/DashboardViewModel.java
 com.example.foodtracker.ui.dashboard.DashboardViewModel
com/example/foodtracker/barcode/OnBarcodeParseFailedListener.java
 com.example.foodtracker.barcode.OnBarcodeParseFailedListener
com/example/foodtracker/DateParser.java
 com.example.foodtracker.DateParser
 com.example.foodtracker.DateParser$DateParseException
com/example/foodtracker/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.foodtracker.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/foodtracker/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.foodtracker.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/foodtracker/barcode/OnBarcodeParsedListener.java
 com.example.foodtracker.barcode.OnBarcodeParsedListener
com/example/foodtracker/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.foodtracker.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/foodtracker/Notif.java
 com.example.foodtracker.Notif
com/example/foodtracker/databinding/ActivityAddBinding.java
 com.example.foodtracker.databinding.ActivityAddBinding
com/example/foodtracker/databinding/ListItemBinding.java
 com.example.foodtracker.databinding.ListItemBinding
com/example/foodtracker/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.foodtracker.ui.home.HomeFragment
com/example/foodtracker/Food.java
 com.example.foodtracker.Food
com/example/foodtracker/databinding/FragmentDashboardBinding.java
 com.example.foodtracker.databinding.FragmentDashboardBinding
com/example/foodtracker/ui/DetectFoodAttribute.java
 com.example.foodtracker.ui.DetectFoodAttribute
com/example/foodtracker/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.foodtracker.BuildConfig
com/example/foodtracker/ui/dashboard/DashboardFragment.java
 com.example.foodtracker.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment
 com.example.foodtracker.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment$1
com/example/foodtracker/InputFood.java
 com.example.foodtracker.InputFood
com/example/foodtracker/ui/camera/GraphicOverlay.java
 com.example.foodtracker.ui.camera.GraphicOverlay
 com.example.foodtracker.ui.camera.GraphicOverlay$Graphic
com/example/foodtracker/MainActivity.java
 com.example.foodtracker.MainActivity
 com.example.foodtracker.MainActivity$1
com/example/foodtracker/AddActivity.java
 com.example.foodtracker.AddActivity
 com.example.foodtracker.AddActivity$1
